Containerize Conduit Full-Stack Application with Frontend, Backend, and Database (#2)
IshakAtes/conduit-container: README.md

# Conduit Container
**Guide:**<br>
[Link to Pdf Checklist](https://github.com/IshakAtes/conduit-container/blob/e317db84d754bef8609d07e03e4f50e828255f58/Conduit%20Container%20Checkliste.pdf)<br><br>

> Containerized full-stack Conduit application with a Vue.js frontend and Django backend, fully orchestrated via Docker Compose for cloud deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Containerized full-stack Conduit application with a Angular frontend and Django backend, fully orchestrated via Docker Compose for cloud deployment.
```
